you
What do you want?
You don't think
Your mother ruined our struggle
Killed my brothers
You two can be at ease hahaha
This time I'm going to let you two
blood debt
blood compensation
Obviously you are human trafficking
Injustice comes first
What's the matter with me and my mom?
I suggest you let me go first
Otherwise be my mother
What's wrong with your mother?
I poured it all in
Your mom is just a barbecue seller
So what if you can fight?
As long as you are still with me
I can take your mother's pride
Break bit by bit
Hahaha you said
I'll break your mother's left leg first
Is the right leg still horizontal?
Why don't we go together?
Hahahahaha no no no no hahaha
Hey mom, don't come and cover his mouth for me
Ah!